Reply to Comments from the Reviewer

We agree with the comments of the reviewer and believe that addressing
these issues improve the paper noticeably.  We have tried to make the
appropriate adjustments without substantiallyt expanding the length of
the paper.  In addition to responding to the review comments, we made
several other small changes to the wording here and there.


1.  By far the largest improvement I think this article would benefit
from is to make a more concrete connection between the theoretical
results and an applied problem of interest...

The second paragraph on page 3 explains the relationship between the
normal means problem and regression models. It includes a citation to
a textbook description of this correspondence.



2.  I do not understand the example on page 2 lines 29-41 of the
additional challenges posed by streaming selection to variable
selection.  Specifically, why is it that since streaming selection may
not consider higher-order interactions, that these should be combined
with AIC, BIC, etc?  How is this any different from stepwise
regression?  Does m on line 87 stand for the number itself or the set
of variables?

The wording in the prior manuscript in this section was confusing, and
we have rewritten this paragraph (second paragraph of the introduction
on page 2)


3.  Remark B on page 5 describes the construction of the "universal
investing rule".  In my opinion, the method of passing from discrete
to continuous distributions is far less interesting than explanation
of the "penultimate code" and "universal code" presented at the bottom
of page 6.  I would suggest that the authors provide some intuition to
these codes in addition to citing the references, and perhaps skip the
discrete-continuous discussion of remark B, or relegate it to the
appendix.

We moved the contents of the prior Remark B into an appendix.  The new
Remark B (top of page 6) describes the motivating ideas for the
universal investing rule from information theory without belaboring
too many details.



4.  page 13, line 47.  The "risk-inflation estimator" is mentioned,
but I am having trouble figuring out what this estimator is.  Is it
$\hat \mu_{1/p}$ defined on p. 8, line 12?

This is the oracle estimator.  The new text (page 12, paragraph at
bottom) refers to the name "risk-inflation estimator" and includes the
notation for the estimator (\tilde\mu).


5.  Small typo in the abstract line 40: "that allows fast calculation
the minimax risk".  The word "of" is missing.  Also, the keyword
"Bellman equations" is not mentioned anywhere else in the article.

We fixed the typo.  The connection to Bellman equations seemed neat,
but agree that this probably ought not be a key word.

